About Occams Advisory Inc.

Responsible and ethical business is our way of conducting business. We contribute to climate change and environmental preservation. Our endeavor is to create positive changes to business and society as a whole, with guidance from our values and principles. Commitment to responsible business practices is invariably prioritized. We are building motivated teams by considering our promises to collaboration, diversification, and inclusion. Our team has developed a successful step-by-step process. We incorporate people with exceptional talents, abilities, and potential into an environment which enhances personal growth to apex levels. Our success in attracting and retaining high quality and diverse talent, is a reflection of our outreach to the global societies in which we all live and work.
Founded in 2012, Occams Advisory has fulfilled an unmet need – the need for small businesses to have access to an affordable, one-stop shop for strategic advisory and functional services. Through the founder’s own entrepreneurial experiences, as well as from client feedback, Occams Advisory was created, from day one, to serve the small business market by addressing the most pressing needs of entrepreneurs.
Our name is inspired by the principle of Occams Razor, propounded by William of Occam (1288-1348 AD), an English Franciscan friar and scholastic philosopher. Occams Razor is a line of reasoning that says the simplest answer is often correct. Occams Advisory uses this spirit of problem-solving to provide simple solutions to complex problems, focusing on tangible results, measurable impact and continuous improvement.
Micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME's) have a clear and unmet need for a reliable one-stop shop for business, financial & professional services. Occams Advisory was founded in 2012 to meet this need as a one-stop firm that serves (MSME's) worldwide. We provide expert services across three well-defined service-verticals: Business Services & Growth Incubation (BSGI), Capital Markets & Investment Banking (CMIB), Financial Technology & Payment Solutions (FTPS)
We serve our clients as a trusted advisor and growth partner through their business lifecycle. Through the synergistic combination of Fortune 500 expertise, our own entrepreneurial experience and a globally diverse perspective, we deliver world class business and professional advisory to businesses and families. We help entrepreneurs optimize their approach to their business by providing clarity out of complexity through customized and integrated solutions that drive long-term and sustainable growth. To families we offer a unique blend of financial and professional services that enable better decision-making and lead to consistently superior outcomes.

Awards awarded were:

1. INC 5000 Honoree - Aug, 2024
Empowering Businesses, Redefining Success
Occams Advisory, ranked #1804 on the 2024 INC 5000 list, is celebrated for delivering Fortune 500-level expertise to small and medium-sized businesses, helping them navigate challenges, scale efficiently, and thrive across their business life cycles.

2. INC Power Partner - Oct, 2024
Excellence in Business Partnerships & Innovation
Occams Advisory is proud to be a 2024 INC Power Partner Winner, recognized for its dedication to fostering impactful partnerships and delivering innovative solutions in the business products and services sector.

3. BASA award in Business Consulting - Nov, 2024
Best Small Business of the Year
Occams Advisory is proud to be named Best Small Business of the Year in Business Consulting at the BASA Awards® 2024, recognizing our dedication to empowering small and medium businesses with Fortune 500 expertise and innovative solutions.

4. Global Recognition Award - July, 2024
Excellence in Business Innovation & Advisory
Occams Advisory is honored to receive the 2024 Global Recognition Award for excellence in delivering innovative solutions and advisory services, showcasing our leadership, client focus, and dedication to driving business growth worldwide.

5. INC Power Partner - Oct, 2024
Excellence in Business Partnerships & Innovation
Occams Advisory is proud to be a 2024 INC Power Partner Winner, recognized for its dedication to fostering impactful partnerships and delivering innovative solutions in the business products and services sector.

6. Top 5 Compliance Solution Providers - May, 2024
Business Fortune 2024
Occams Advisory is considered as One of the top companies to consider for streamlining and assisting with Compliance Needs.

7. Bronze Stevie Award Winner
April, 2024
Achievement in Management - Business & Professional Services
We are a company that helps businesses grow and succeed. We are honored to be recognized by the Stevie Awards for our commitment to excellence in management.

8. INC Regionals Southeast,
Feb, 2024
Rank 186
Occams Advisory wins INC Southeast award, hailing their excellence & client focus. They drive growth & solidify their place as a top advisory firm

9. SB 100 - DEC, 2023
Top 100 Small to Mid-sized Businesses
Occams Advisory has been recognized among the Top 100 Small to Mid-sized Businesses in the U.S., a testament to our dedication and success in contributing to the nation's business landscape.

10. FORTUNE AMERICA’S
Most Innovative Companies
Award list – 2023.
This award recognizes Occams Advisory for its excellence in product innovation, process innovation, and innovation culture, as selected by Fortune and Statista Inc..

11. FINANCIAL TIMES AMERICAS
Fastest Growing 500 Companies – 2020 to 2023.
Occams Advisory was recognized in this prestigious ranking, which highlights the rapid growth and success of companies across various industries.

12. ACQUISITION INTERNATIONAL'S
Best Sme Business Advisory Firm - 2021 And 2022.
This award honors the best small and medium-sized enterprise (SME) advisory firms. Occams' receipt of this award for two consecutive years indicates their excellence in providing advisory services to SMEs.

Impact:

In a world where over a billion people suffer from malnutrition, and even more lack access to clean water, the challenges are immense. About one child in every five receives no education and is at risk. With the world's population set to grow by at least two billion over the next three decades, primarily in the developing world, these challenges can compound. At Occams Advisory, we take the right action by partnering with organizations like blossomprojects.org to implement preventative and remedial steps, working toward a brighter future for all.
At Occams Advisory, we believe in the importance of cultural diversity and fostering global connections. It's our pleasure to share that we are a silver-level sponsor of the World Culture Festival , taken place at the National Mall in Washington, D.C., on the September 29 to October 1st, 2023. This three-day celebration showcased incredible talent from around the world and left a lasting impact on how we perceived and connected with one another. We're proud to be a part of this unique event, which embodies our commitment to cultural diversity and community engagement.

Team:
1. Strategic Leadership &
Articulate Thinking (SLAT)
This is the top-level leadership group responsible for setting the strategic direction of the organization. They articulate the vision and mission of the organization and ensure that all groups align with this strategic direction in belief and execution.

members:
1. Anupam Satyasheel
Founder and Group CEO

2. David King
Deputy CEO

3. Mukarram Dhorajiwala
CXO (Chief Experience Officer)

4.Aashish Makkar
MD Occams Capital Markets

2. Leadership Advisory Board
for Scalability (LABS)
LABS advises the SLAT on highest organizational priorities and continuously changing regulatory, technological, and economic landscape. They provide insights and recommendations on how to scale the organization effectively and efIiciently.

members:
1. Ramki Ramanarayanan
Executive Advisor

2. Vardhman Shah
COO (Chief Operating Officer)

3. Nitin Aggarwal
CEO – India

4. Nedeen Nasser
Corporate Counsel

3. Management, Execution, and
Tactical Scalability (METS)
This group is responsible for the dayto-day management of the organization. They execute the strategies set by the SLAT and advised by the LABS. They also handle tactical scalability, ensuring that the organization can adapt and scale in response to changes in the business environment.
members:

1. Vardhman Shah
COO (Chief Operating Officer)

2. Llajaira Soto
AVP - Client Success

3. Maria Antonio
AVP - Client Relations

4. Ritika Vishwakarma
AVP - HCMI

5. Rajat Garg
VP - Tax Advisory

4. Channel Affiliate Recruiting
& Engagement (CARE)
This group focuses on the technological aspects of scalability agenda. They work on improving ef eficiency and productivity leveraging most effective and advanced technological adoption across aspects of the organization.
 members:
 1. Amber E Kellogg
VP - Affiliate Origination & Management

2. Nitin Aggarwal
CEO – India

3. David King
Deputy CEO

4. Christopher Torres
Executive Advisor – Business Origination

5. Client Origination & Relationship
Enhancement (CORE)
CORE is responsible for client acquisition and relationship management. They work on originating new client relationships and enhancing existing ones. This includes establishing and following methodology to capture, measure and enhance client experience journey.
members:

1. Vardhman Shah
COO (Chief Operating Officer)

2. Amber E Kellogg
VP - Affiliate Origination & Management

3. Anupam Satyasheel
Founder and Group CEO

4. Aashish Makkar
MD Occams Capital Markets

6. Scalability, Technology,
Efficiency & Productivity (STEP)
This group is responsible for the dayto-day management of the organization. They execute the strategies set by the SLAT and advised by the LABS. They also handle tactical scalability, ensuring that the organization can adapt and scale in response to changes in the business environment.
members:

1. Anupam Satyasheel
Founder and Group CEO

2. Nitin Aggarwal
CEO – India

3. Vardhman Shah
COO (Chief Operating Officer)

4. Priyanka Bathwal
AVP - Finance & Accounting

7. Finance, Accounting, Risk & Legal (FARL)
The FARL division at Occam's Advisory consists of dedicated professionals in finance, risk management, accounting, and legal, ensuring operational excellence and propel business success.
members:
1. Radhika Garg
Analyst - Finance & Accounting

2. Shubham Maddheshiya
Analyst - Finance & Accounting

3. Shivang Sabharwal
Analyst - Finance & Accounting

8. Technology, Operations, Automation and Digitization (TOAD)
Occams Advisory's TOAD team enhances efficiency through advanced tech integration, optimizing operations, and driving automation and digitization for business growth.
members:

1. Vinay Singh Bisht
Sr. Product Developer - Product Development

2. Sunny Shekhar
Product Lead

9. Branding and Marketing
Acumen and Performance (BMAP)
BMAP at Occams is dedicated to driving brand equity and marketing excellence. Our integrated approach combines immersive design, strategic media utilization, and targeted distribution networks with insightful market analysis to enhance brand performance and business growth.
members:

1. Anupam Satyasheel
Founder and Group CEO

2. Mukarram Dhorajiwala
CXO (Chief Experience Officer)

3. Bipin Singh
Lead - Digital Marketing

4. Harsh Golani
Lead - Brand Communication

5. Zidane Zafar
Assistant Creative Director-Design

6. Vijay Prajapati
Sr. Software Developer - Web Development

7. Abhigyan Shrivastav
Motion Graphics Designer - Design

8. Shubham Chinchkar
UX/UI Designer - Web Development

9. Priti Makkar
Associate - Marketing & Branding

10. Sairaj Adate
Software Engineer - Web Development

11. Md Ashfaq Akhtar
Frontend Developer - Web Development

12. Sandeep Dolas
Sr. Graphic Designer-Design

13. Roshan Gawade
Associate - Marketing & Branding

Contacts:
 1. Corporate Head Office
2170 Main St, Ste 203,
Sarasota, FL 34237

2. Get In Touch
info@occamsadvisory.com

3. Let’s Talk!
(212) 531-1111
Mon – Fri 10:00 AM – 06:00 PM
